
Red Bull used to be my favorite drink, as I would not go 24 hours without drinking an entire can. That era has ended simply because I was beginning to get sick of paying over $2.00 for one can. I know several distributors who offer the product for $1.50, but I seldomly stock up on the stuff and end up paying the $2.00 for a can plus 8% tax, which comes out to $2.15 a can. Which is fine with me until you realize that you are spending over 700 dollars a year at this rate. It never stopped me before and I always felt that it was worth it, considering the drink helps me focus in college each morning. However, I recently noticed that on days when I was not in school and I drank a Red Bull, rather than being full of energy and ready to jog, I would become tired. I began to wonder why I would get tired after drinking a can of Red Bull. Maybe my inner body was saying, "stop drinking this **** every freaking day of your life!" Whatever the case is, I decided to stop buying it on a daily basis and just drink it when I have to wake up very early. Hopefully this can make it become effective on my body again, because I think I may have overdone it, considering I have probably consumed well over 1000 cans in my life. 

I personally enjoy drinking a cold can of Red Bull. Set aside the energy factor. While many people (actually everyone I know) says it is sick and makes them gag, I kinda like that cough droppy taste that is offered in a can of Red Bull. I find Red Bull to be a conversation starter for myself - kinda like smoker talk. I love to sip from my can of Red Bull and discuss the weather or some other exciting news with my peers. While I have tried so many other energy drinks, I can say that I do hate all of them. There has never been an energy drink that I enjoyed other than Red Bull. I guess I just like the Austrian people so much (and the fact that a can of Red Bull is vegan!) On the other hand, it is full of man-made chemicals that might do some weird things to me in the future - only time will tell
