
Once you see the book that accompanies this starter kit, you will realize two things. You won't be making sushi anytime soon without a few more items. Not only do you need fresh ingredients, you need things that are listed in the recipes to make Miso, to make Number-one Dashi and Number-two Dashi. You need Bonito flakes and kombu, you need things like bamboo leaves too. OK, so you don't need bamboo leaves, but having a bamboo plant around the house wouldn't hurt. 

The book is especially helpful, but to make the sushi rice professionally, you do need to also order a rice-cooling tub (hangiri). A square omelet pan is needed, but not essential. You can adapt by using a regular pan. 

Just add your fresh ingredients is the understatement of the year. You do get a sushi press, a sushi mat and Nishiki Sushi rice. The sushi Nori is essential as is the ginger, wassabi, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sweet wine (mirin) and white sesame seeds. 

Other items you will want to have on hand when this arrives: 

Chopsticks
Ginger Grater
Chopping Board
Fish Knives (sushi knives)
Plates for serving Sushi (not essential but make it more interesting)
Skewers - for when you cook shrimp
Rice Maker
Stainless Steel Colander
Wooden Rice Paddle - or you can use a wooden spoon

Ingredients: 

Avocados
Cucumber
Carrots
Asparagus
Chives
Eggplant
Daikon Radish
Fresh Shiitake mushrooms
Lotus Root
Kombu
Miso paste
Ocha - tea
Sake
Shiso - an aromatic herb
Snow Peas
Sushi Vinegar called Awasezu
Tofu - various types but Japanese Silken is recommended
Wakame Seaweed


Recommended Seafood selections include: Mackerel, Salmon, Crabs, Blue-Eye Cod, Tuna, Herring, Sea Bass and numerous other selections. I will be making mine with cooked fish for the most part and many of the recipes indicate cooking the shrimp. 

The book gives excellent full-color picture step-by-step instructions for preparing
seafood. Everything from cleaning squid to angled cuts for sahimi. 

Prepare to learn an ancient art form. This is serious cooking with gourmet appeal. There are instructions for making garnishes and dipping sauces. 

The Tuna Rolls are probably going to be one of the first items to make because they have few ingredients and you don't need anything except a rice cooker, sushi vinegar and the rolling mat. The California-roll-style Temaki-zushi also look fairly tame. 

The Nigiri-Zushi made in sushi bars seem a little more complex. To make a simple Inari-Zushi you need tofu and there are extensive instructions for how to make the little packets or pouches for rice. These seem very interesting and I've tasted them before and definitely look forward to trying to make them. 

The idea of a Chirashi-Zushi rice bowl is interesting and does not require a great deal of artistic application. 

So, if you want to make a full sushi meal, it gets a little more complex, but you can try out various recipes and master the "dashi" which is like a fish stock/soup made with kombu and bonito flakes. This knowledge is of course needed to make the sushi rice, which leads me right back to needing a hangiri. I suppose you can use a glass bowl instead. 

This sushi kit is truly only a brief start to an artistic journey. Even after ordering this you may find you need a few more items before you can start taking steps in the direction of actually making sushi. 

I will report back as I try various recipes and all I can say is this will require an adventurous spirit and a few more Amazon orders. Once you have the Sushi book, things start to become more clear and you can make a list of things to order. 

~The Rebecca Review 
