
New to Thai cuisine, I asked to try a milder curry, my tastes running to a maximum of medium heat. Yellow curry was recommended, and the coconut milk based Thai version was a treat with both seafood and chicken-something I've had occasion to order again and again.

So when trying to re-create the taste sensations above, I was less than thrilled at the idea of grinding individual spices, purchasing a number of pricey ingredients with limited shelf life and narrow applications.

I did some research and found that many Thai housewives rely on the time and labor savings of using high quality curry pastes as the basis for soups, curries and more. Mae Ploy was one of the brands repeatly mentioned as high quality and fresh tasting.

This brand comes in a handful of flavors and heat levels, with the Yellow Curry Paste being the first I was eager to try. It has a shelf life of 2 years, and the large plastic pouch also keeps very well nestled in its own colorful tub in the refrigerator.

The flavors of lemon grass, shallot, gingery galanga, kaffir lime peel, warm spices and red chili are very well balanced. This is the only Mae Ploy Curry paste without shrimp paste, making it vegan-suitable as well as delicious with shellfish, fish or fowl.

I like to snip off one corner of the clear packet, then squeeze out just the amount I need-anywhere from 1/2 teaspoon to 2 Tablespoons, depending on the recipe. This helps to maintain freshness and flavor and avoid waste.

For Thai curry, I will combine the Yellow Curry Paste with a small amount of chicken broth, then add 3/4 Cup more broth per person, plus a can of coconut milk to mellow and round the flavor. A cup or two of chunked seafood or chicken, plus cubed potatoes and onion-simmered together for about 30 minutes- makes a very satisfying dish to serve with either traditional sticky rice or more the more occidental long grain variety. 

Mae Ploy's Thai Yellow Curry is also delicious with just a bit added to your favorite dip, salad dressing, or try a teaspoonful combined with 1 cup of sour cream or plain yogurt 'painted' over your favorite fish fillets and baked just until cooked through, (about 15-20 minutes at 325).

The fine quality of this product has encouraged me to order another flavorful curry paste-also excellent-and I would highly recommend this product for those wishing to re-create favorite restaurant fare at a reasonal price, without tedious preparation
