
If it is possible to fall madly in love with a box of chocolates, then the assortment is the perfect place to start such an adventure. These chocolate are named after Leonidas Kestekidis, who definitely knew how to create chocolates for the true chocolate connoisseur. 

When he moved back to Belgium he not only married his true love, he created chocolates the world now adores. When you taste these chocolates, your taste buds will also finally know true chocolate happiness. Whether you try one of these with a cup of coffee or tea or enjoy one as a daily indulgence, these will impress. 

The "I Love You" chocolate with dreamy lemon filling embodies this sentiment. Each chocolate has a unique design and the I Love You chocolate has two hearts, ribbons and a seal. After you sample the variety of chocolates, specific flavors will stand out as favorites. 

Here are my favorite creamy fillings (ganache and butter cream) which come in dark, white and milk chocolate depending on the selection: 

Antoinette - A smooth Brandy flavored ganache 

Lingoit Lait - Absolutely delicious vanilla flavored fresh butter cream filling. Time definitely stopped while tasting this chocolate. 

Irrésistible - Dark chocolate and Strawberry sauce. 

For ever - If you love coffee this may be one of the most delicious milk or dark chocolate chocolates ever made as it is filled with a special coffee cream that has hints of caramel. I ordered an entire box of these and they come in a variety of flavors. The milk chocolate and cherry filling is like Claude Debussy's Rêverie. It is difficult to describe besides saying it is like a delicate cherry icing wrapped in milk chocolate. 

Merveilleux - Milk or dark chocolate filled with coffee ganache. 

Europe - Dark or milk chocolate filled with rum filling. 

Ganache - Milk or dark chocolate with pure ganache. 

Tosca - Milk chocolate with a special ganache. 

Poésie - Dark chocolate and a Cointreau filling. 

Antoinette - Delicate caramel hints in the milk chocolate coating mingle nicely with the vanilla filling. 

Eve - Milk or dark chocolate with a creamy dreamy banana filling. 

Alexandre le grand - A milk or dark chocolate with caramel cream. 

Also Recommended: 

If you wish to also try the Napolitains, I'd suggest the 1 pound sampler Ballotin with six varieties. You may also want to look for the new Palet d'Or. A deeply delicious and strong bitter chocolate filled with ganache. The center is made with butter, cream and chocolate and the outer coating is a masterpiece with gold decorations. 

Leonidas now has over 1700 stores and sales locations worldwide and they offer over 80 varieties of fresh chocolates. The chocolates are air freighted weekly from Brussels so you will always find the quality to be superior. 

My chocolates arrived fast and were as fresh as if I had purchased them in Belgium. They were carefully packaged in the famous gold boxes with signature/seasonal wrapping and a ribbon. The boxes were then placed in protective Styrofoam containers to protect the chocolates during shipping. The expedited shipping is recommended from May to early September. 

~TheRebeccaReview.com
