
****
Tazo Assorted Black and Green Teas and Herbal Infusions includes one or two of each:
AWAKE:  plain ordinary black tea, a little bitter
CALM:  nice chamomile tea
CHAI BLACK TEA:  an okay chai black tea with caffeine
CHINA GREEN TIPS:  great green tea experience, Tazo's best, no "natural flavorings"
DECAFFEINATED CHAI: an okay chai black tea without caffeine
EARL GREY BLACK TEA:  a disappointing perfumy, intense, black tea experience 
LOTUS:  decaf green tea with lotus flower, one of my favorite Tazo's
PASSION HERBAL INFUSION:  hibiscus-y, intense, caffeine-free, and luxurious
WILD SWEET ORANGE:  orange herbal tea, some complex overtones perhaps
ZEN:  mild, relaxed green tea

Their ingredients include: black tea, green tea, hibiscus flowers, chamomile flowers, lemongrass, citric acid, natural flavors, spearmint leaves, blackberry leaves, cinnamon, rooibos, ginger root, rose hips, orange peel, rose petals, licorice root, safflower, black pepper, lemon verbena leaves, cardamom, cloves, peppermint leaves, chicory, sarsaparilla root, lemon balm leaf, star anise, and red poppy flowers. 

Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea. In general I'm not a big fan of tea with flavorings added, preferring the subtleness and authentic taste of the real thing.

Overall, the green teas seem good. The herbal infusions are fine. The black teas tend to turn bitter if you don't brew them very briefly...even then they have bitter overtones. Tazo's assortment, and Tazo teas in general, are fine---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not anywhere near as good as Numi, or Aspen, or other super premium teas made with only "real" ingredients and minus all of the flavorings. I'm more used to these high quality teas, which Tazo attempts to be, but disappoints...so overall Tazo Assorted gets a 3.5 to a 4. For this review, I'm rounding up, since so many people seem to enjoy these teas, and I'm in the clear minority. If your tea experience so far is drinking commercial teas of a lower quality, no doubt Tazo's teas will appeal to you, as they are a great improvement. They have a lot of variety and many interesting tea experiences. If you don't enjoy Tazo's teas, though, know that there are many, many teas made with all real ingredients, teas that cost only a fraction more, that may be just the thing you were looking for. 
***
