
My wife got this Cuisinart Classic Toaster oven as a wedding gift. We liked the appearance and had it on our registry. We used this toaster oven a lot because it cooked very well. Toast was perfect, and the oven cooked nice and hot. We broiled meats and made all kind of things in it. We found it hard to clean. We would take the baking pan/and crumb tray and use our regular self cleaning oven to clean those, but it would take a lot of scrubbing to clean the glass and interior of the oven.

Then after about 1 year one of the plastic feet broke off when simply adjusting the position of the oven on the counter. I glued it back on with super glue. It broke again and seemed to become more brittle over time because of the heat so I had to fix this plastic foot a few times.

 Then another problem arose. The toaster and the one light would shut off a few second after pressing start. So to make toast we just used the un-timed bake function, but then we would have to watch so we did not burn the toast. Still we lived with it.

Then after about another four months all of the controls stopped working. So it does not bake. I think I knew this was going to happen because I would hear a strange buzz and see a little smoke come off when ever I turned the dial to bake for a while. 

So therefore I think the electrical wiring was not heavy duty enough or the electrical system was not soldered well or protected well enough to last. I would have expected better quality. Considering how long we have been making toaster ovens, I think that it would have not been too hard for them to have made a more heavy duty electrical system for the controls.

So like other reviews say, it does cook well and evenly, but it is hard to clean and does not last. If I were to have rated the product before the problems started I would have given it 4 stars. I wish that Amazon and these sites had a section for long term reviews that would rate the quality, because most of the reviews seem to be written soon after receiving the products. 

We are now looking into T-Fall Convection Toaster oven, but after reading those reviews we do not know if it cooks as hot as this oven and we want to get one that cooks well and lasts.

______________

Since writing my review above I tried to fix my oven to no avail, but I have gained more insight into its design and perhaps why it broke. 

My recommendations are as follows. Since I know that the rotary controls and the circuit board of this "Classic" model product can over time get dirty and stop working, I recommend that people who own this oven keep it far away from any other cooking products that create grease or steam such as range tops, rice cookers, deep fryers, pressure cookers, or kitchen sinks. Especially keep the vents near the controls on the right side of this unit away from these sources of moisture and grease. 

I recommend consumers to consider the newer models with digital controls, which might have a different mechanism inside or the models with the controls beneath and therefore the electrical components and cooling vents underneath the oven and not in an exposed location. This might make the unit last longer. 

The newer Cuisinart models with the knobs or digital controls beneath the oven might be a design improvement to correct the sort of problem I had. Or perhaps other manufactures have solved electrical component problem other ways. Maybe 1.5 years is average life, or maybe the fact that my oven was placed near the cooking range in my kitchen made my unit more susceptible to malfunction. Reviews of lots of other brand models show short life spans for these products. From the reviews and my observations above, I think the Krups models and the improved Cuisinart models might last a longer time than this classic model that died on me. 
