
My wife bought this one from Best Buy without me reviewing it 1st. Amazingly, I would have bought it after reading the reviews here. I'm starting to wonder who writes these things ... LG employees? The microwave is fine - no complaints. The toaster, however, is an unmitigated disaster. I am of the opinion that you should rarely combine appliances - this appliance is a poster child for this thought. The toaster browns extremely unevenly and inconsistently (sometimes you should toast the same piece of bread on 5 and sometimes as high as 10!). More importantly, the toaster broke after 31 days (coincidently the Best Buy return policy ends at the same time - Best Buy has an unacceptable return policy but with a guy named "Ricky" managing the store what can you expect?). LG picks up the phone quickly and they honor the warranty. The problem is they can't think outside of the box. They had me get it repaired but I have to inconveniently drive it out there and pick it up - OK ... no problem. One day later? It breaks again. It is an extremely poorly built appliance and the repair people thought they had fixed it and had not. That's how bad it was. LG will not budge - have it repaired again (great option - costs LG money, me more travel time, and it won't do the job) or do a rebate. The rebate requires me to buy another LG or Goldstar product. Huh? So you create a shoddy product and rush it to the marketplace (they admitted they don't have a detailed enough repair history because it is too new) and then don't stand behind your product. You backend me into another LG or Goldstar product that I would not have otherwise bought. How does our government allow these atrocious foreign companies to business here? Our we so bad as a manufacturer that we can't top this? Their supervisors were very hardlined and there was no getting around this. "You can cal Korea but they won't change their policy" they said. I will never willingly buy another LG or Goldstar product and I highly recommend you do the same. Shame on you LG - you could have had me as an appliance buyer for the next 50 years and now your name is mud to me
