
Well after reading the reviews of this vacuum, I decided to give it a try.  I have had it a month now and I have to say that I am sorry I bought this behemoth.  Right out of the box and trying it for the first time I noticed things that I didn't like.  I thought I 'd give it some time though and hoped I could adjust.  Here is what I found:

1.  The vacuum is very heavy as other reviewers have stated.
2.  Worse than the vacuum being heavy, the darn thing is really hard to push.  Even on hard smooth surfaces it's hard to push.  I have not figured out yet what the heck would cause it to have so much drag.  For it to drag on hard surfaces, it must be a design flaw.
3.  The on/off power switch is foot operated.  Not a terrible thing but Dirt Devil decided to put the darn thing out of view and hidden by the accessory carriage.  On my first time of vacuuming I accidentally ran over a sock and it got caught in the floor brush.  While the brush belt was smoking I fumbled around for the damn power switch.  I finally had to reach down and press the switch by hand because I couldn't find it by looking down.  It must have taking me eight to ten seconds to finally turn the thing off.  Unfortunately, the damage was done.  The belt snapped. How nice.  I really liked that.  First time out and the belt snapped. Another note about the switch; there have been times I have had to repeatedly press the switch because it would not lock off.  It takes a firm steady pressure to turn it off.  The fun part of this annoyance is that you think you have it turned off because the motor starts winding down and as soon as you let up on it the motor powers up. Couple that with not being able to really see the darn thing it's a real challenge.  Maybe Dirt Devil thinks we have eyes on our toes.  Hey Dirt Devil here is an idea.  How about putting the on/off switch on the push handle.  What a novel idea. Doh!
4. The vacuum hose that detaches is really unwieldy.  It has a long plastic handle that you hold onto and that makes it really difficult to manipulate the hose.  The main reason being is that the hose it too short.  It's like you are fighting the hose all the time.  It gets tiring.
5.  The detachable hose is really hard to re-install in it's port.  You have to wedge it in there really hard to get the thing to seat.  
6.  The vacuum is terrible on rugs, on any of the floor height settings. It bunches up the rugs and starts smoking baby.  My old vac was not much better but at least with the old one I could lift the vac and kind of drag it over the rug and it wouldn't get all caught up.  I tried the same thing with the Dirt Devil and forget about it.  It jammed up every time.
7.  The vacuum is poor at getting dirt off of hard surface floors.  It just moves the dirt around or spits it out the back.  I have to use the hose attachment.
8.  The vacuum is horrible on steps.  With my old vac I could drag the vac across each step whilst the vacuum is locked in the upright position.  Easy deal.  The Dirt Devil does not work that way.  When the vacuum is in the upright position the brush is too high off the carpet to do any good.  The only option is to disengage the lock and vacuum with the back slanted.  One little problem with that.  The weight of the vac cause the seal at the base of the dirt canister to open and air begins leaking.  You don't get a good positive suction.  So, you have to play with the position of the tilt to get the proper seal.  The problem is that the proper position you need is so close to where the vacuum locks into the upright position.  It often locks and so then you have to try and un-lock it while balancing this heavy behemoth.  It's a joke.  The only half easy way to do steps is if use the detachable hose and attach the power brush.  The only problem with that is you are fighting the ill designed hose and heavy vacuum, and not to mention that the brush attachment will only really get surface dirt.  If you try putting pressure for some deep cleaning the brush stops. 

Now for Pros:  
1.  The vacuum does seem to get the carpets pretty clean.  It has good suction and it raises the carpet fibers right up.  It almost makes my carpet look like new, and I do not see an excessive amount of carpet fibers in the dirt canister.  Some vacuums like to just tear up carpets.
2.  The rotating brush attachment works pretty good for removing cat hair off of couches and bedding. 

 All in all this vacuum was very very poorly designed.  I may just have to donate this thing and buy something else.  I can't imagine fighting this thing every week for years to come or until the motor dies.  Maybe I'll be lucky and the motor will die soon.  Then I'll just throw the darn thing out and buy something other than Dirt Devil.  

Steve
