
Within a few weeks of purchase the teflon in the Zojirushi pan started to blister and flake off. This is NOT the result of customer abuse but a manufacturing defect.

This is my third (and final) bread machine. The first two were Breadman Ultimates. I should note that I make bread in the machine about 6 times a week on average, pretty much every morning.

The first Breadman worked for over a year until the teflon in the pan started to fail. This was probably my fault for allowing the pan to soak for extended periods of time (water can get behind the teflon and ruin the bond).

I bought an new Breadman Ultimate because the entire machine was only slightly more than the pan alone and the old machine was starting to have mechanical problems. This time I took extremely good care of the pan (letting it cool down, no soaking) because it's clearly the weak link in the system. Within 8 months the stirring shaft that drives the paddle in the pan simply fell out. Whatever the detente mechanism was that holds the shaft to the pan failed, making the machine useless. Currently it doesn't seem very easy (or even possible) to buy a replacement pan for the Breadman.

At this point I was done with the Breadman. Much as I didn't want to spring for the extra money for the Zojirushi, and realizing that my default augmented sourdough recipe probably wouldn't work the same in the new machine, I didn't see an alternative and got one.

Within 3 weeks the teflon in the Zoji pan formed two blisters. One is bit smaller than a dime and all the teflon at this spot has flaked off; the other spot is blistering but the teflon is still intact. I have been extremely careful with the pan: I wait for it to cool and then remove the baked-on bread under the paddles with warm water using mostly my fingers. I don't let it soak at all. This is clearly a manufacturing defect.

I have further complaints with respect to this machine as compared to the Breadman Ultimate:

1) The top of the bread rarely gets brown. I've added more sugar to the recipe which helps slightly but not much.
2) I don't understand what the crust control option does. It doesn't seem to increase baking time which it does on the Breadman so it doesn't make much sense.
3) The programmability is very weak. On the Breadman you can take any of the existing standard options and modify them as well as make up entirely new programs.
4) The programmability options are very limited:

- You can't control the knockdown time between risings.
- You can't add risings to the default three. They do give you a lot of time control on the risings.
- You can't separate the mixing cycle from the kneading cycle: it's all one cycle.
- When you turn off the preheat cycle, this only affects the built-in programs and not the custom ones. 
- And worst of all: you can't bake for more than 70 minutes. This is utterly ridiculous. I'm sure this is a "safety feature" but it means you can't correct for the pathetic lack of crust formation or have larger recipes and so forth. This is almost a killer limitation in my opinion.

For those other reviewers that are having issues with rising, I've determined that the machine is very sensitive to the amount, type, and quality of yeast. If you *exactly* follow the manufacturers instuctions with respect to yeast and use fresh yeast, it should work okay. This means you must use rapid rise yeast with the Quick programs and active dry yeast with the longer standard programs. Even using Fleischmann's instead of Red Star made a difference. The Breadman was pretty much indifferent to yeast variations.

At this point I'm done with bread machines. They are a failed technology. In fact, teflon is a dangerous and substandard technology. 

All you have to do is search for teflon (Polytetrafluoroethylene) and toxic to come up with some pretty alarming data on this noxious substance. The manufacturing process results in significant environmental contamination.

A direct consumer health risk due to toxic outgassing occurs when teflon is exposed to temperatures above 500 degrees (eg: frying pans). Perhaps bread machines are not that risky given the lower temps involved in baking and the fact that wet dough will keep the average pan temperature pretty low, but if you know anything about toxicity you will realize that it is always a sliding scale: there will be some outgassing at lower temperatures. Imagine low levels of toxic gas released into your homemade bread. I've thought about this, but there's no way to make a bread machine without teflon -- going from mixing dough to baking requires teflon, there is just no other viable solution.

I love making bread every day and I'm going to miss this activity but at this point the manufacturing defects and use of teflon mean I have to give up on this technology. It's back to the occasional hand-made loaf -- it's the only rational and healthy solution
