
I returned the Honeywell 6011i humidifier because the product had 2 defects and the product was very poorly designed.

The 6011i humidifier had 2 defects right out of the box.  The first was that the 6011i humidifier would not run on the High speed setting but did run on the low and medium speed settings.  The second defect was that the cap for one water container had no rubber o-ring seal and the water bottle leaked when upright in its normal operating position.  The fact that this 6011i humidifier had 2 defects says that the quality control for this product must be very low and implies this product suffers from an above average failure rate.

The 6011i humidifier has major design defects that make it difficult to operate and maintain the 6011i humidifier.  The design defects are so
major that the person(s) that designed and approved the design of the
6011i humidifier should be shot or at least fired!  The first major design defect is that the water bottles will not stand up by themselves in my sink.  Because of this I must hold the water containers vertically with my hand and still cannot completely fill the water container to the top.

The screw-on caps for the water containers are so large they are difficult for my wife with small hands to screw on while holding the water container vertically upright.

The next design defect is that one cannot at a glance check the water level in the water containers but must pick up the water containers and turn them over to check the water level in the container.  One can see if the water container is empty or nearly empty at a glance, but this is of no use if one wants to quickly see if there is enough water in the water containers to last until one returns home from work or will last through the night.  

The last design defect of the 6011i humidifier is that the water containers and humidifier fan housing do not just "drop into place" on the base.  One must use one hand as a guide for the water container and then still fiddle with the position/angle of the water container to get it to seat properly.  This is even more difficult if both water containers are removed for filling at the same time.

I bought this 6011i humidifier to replace a Honeywell humidifier that finally failed after many years of faithful service.  I also selected the 6011i Humidifier because of its many desirable features.  However the positive product features were significantly outweighed by the poor quality control and the poor design of the 6011i Humidifier.  I believe   that a humidifier should be designed for usability first and esthetics second, not the other way around as is the case with the 6011i humidifier.  Thus I returned the 6011i humidifier
