
Amazing that in 2005 you can read review after review on Amazon about the poor quality of almost every toaster offered. We hoped this one would be an exception. It was, but only in that it may be the poorest of them all. Ours buzzed loudly whenever in use. Never had a toaster buzz before. We toast bread at least twice a day, and the toasting performance of this unit is horrible. It has no bagel setting (which toasts the cut side more than the crust side), so we ended up with one side burnt and the other barely starting to toast. What's more, it toasts completely unevenly. One corner of toast will be blackened while the far corner will barely be tanned. And it's really annoying when a 4-slice toaster does not allow you to operate the heating elements independently. As far as looks go, De'Longhi did just as bad a job. The photos look cool, but the crumb tray this unit "sits" upon is actually wider than the unit itself, so there is a big uneven gap at the seam. It's the lower line you see in the photos--but they make it look real nice for that! What you don't see is the other side of the toaster where the bottom crumb tray will be sticking out several MM from the side of the toaster rather than being flush as shown. This makes it look broken, like two pieces of something that no longer fit together. If De'Longhi had spent even a second thinking about this, they would have done the opposite: The bottom tray should be slightly smaller than the toasting unit, which would give the unit a seamless look rather than a busted look. (We even went to a store [yes, a real store] to confirm that they are all like this, and they are.) Also, the bread warming rack is another poorly designed element. There are 4 tiny plastic feet inserted into the four metal posts of the rack so it doesn't scratch the metal surface of the toaster. However, two of the feet had already fallen out during shipping, and though they slipped right back in, all four of the tiny feet can easily be removed or fall out (only friction holds them in) and you WILL loose them very quickly--especially if you ever wash the rack. We're happy to pay extra for a quality item--even a toaster--but we expect something in return besides utter dissapointment. Final advice: Stick to the $20 toasters with functions such as bagel, defrost, and dual controls. If it's ugly, keep it under the sink and only take it out when you use it. This one looks broken, performs poorly, and costs a lot of money. If you do buy this model, maybe you'll get ours...we returned it
