
This review is more about Virgin Mobil customer service than the phone. I ordered a VOX 8610 on 1/22/2007 online thru Virgin Mobile. The phone wouldn't charge. I called customer service and explained the problem. They said did I want a charger or another phone. I replied that I could not tell if it was the charger or the phone that was at fault so please send a new kit.  I received a phone but not a charger and it also wouldn't charge.
 I called customer service and explained the issue and it must be the charger at fault. The rep said they would not send a new charger, that I would have to purchase one. 
 I said this didn't make any sense, according to the offer I could return the phone for a full refund and does that mean that to get a new phone and charge  I need to return the phones for a refund and then order another one to get a charger?  The support rep said yes and that I had to make up my mind - either return the phone or purchase a charger. 
 I asked to speak to a supervisor. The customer support rep kept going off line (to talk to someone?) but refused or couldn't get a supervisor to talk to me.  She then asked for the ESN number of the phone. When I said I didn't know what an 'ESN' number she indignantly explained that it was like a serial number on the back of the 
phone. I'm not clear why she needed this, since I haven't activated the phone and I already referenced the order (vmu) number.  At any rate I had been on the phone now for over 40 min with the support rep (obviously not very cost effective for virgin mobile) and  at least she was trying to track down some info - or so I thought - she finally came back on line and said that the computer was down and she couldn't handle my order - that I would have to call back.  I called back, had to work my way thru the answering system and got thru to RMA and a fellow named Mike.  Mike  explained that they couldn't send a charger (none in stock) and that I would have to send the entire phone back - which is what I am now doing - 60+ minutes after the initial call. 

I have to say that my interactions with virgin mobile so far has not been positive. They customer service staff is  obviously  poorly trained and not empowered to make decisions.  The interfaces with support are youth geared - not a bad thing except when it is at the expense of treating adults courteously and professionally.  I am sending the phone back for a refund and re-considering the provider for pay-as-you-go service.   01/26/2007.
