
I have owned Palm organizers since the days of the original Palm Pilot and have loved them (I think I had three different models over the years). I wanted a smart phone so I could check my email so I gravitated to the Treo 680 so I could stay with a Palm product and so I could stay with my current mobile provider, Cingular. Now I am counting the days until my 2 year commitment ends so I can punt this awful, awful product. I may even bite the bullet and pay off my commitment early just so I can get rid of it.

The battery problem is huge. You must remember to stick this in a charger whenever you can. If you forget and leave it in your pocket overnight then it will be dead the next day. I have turned off every thing I can find that sucks power and it still drains amazingly fast. It won't even last a day if you make very many calls.

The reception is terrible. I've had a Cingular phone for a long time and was able to get good reception over most of So. California (except for my house of course). With this phone I think you have to be right underneath an antenna to get a signal. I was on a conference call yesterday and got dropped twice. I am envious everytime I get in an elevator with someone who can talk on their cell phone because mine will freeze up any time I try that. 

Yes, it freezes up often. The only way I have found to unfreeze it is to take out the battery and let it do a hard reboot.

The versa mail program that it came with from Cingular is hard to work with. You must leave your work computer on to check the corporate mail. That means if I am traveling with my computer, the phone's corporate mail program will not work. It often will not sync anyway. 

I don't think the browser that comes with the phone will work with Java, so I cannot check my Yahoo mail either. I tried going back and forth to the pre-Java version of Yahoo and that is too much of a pain.

I get all kinds of weird messages with the phone. I haven't ever been able to sync up the Palm features because of some legacy files from my previus palm software, something that never happened when I upgraded before.

Yes, there is a manual that is huge. It is hard to use on line so I guess I need to bite the bullet and print out the whole thing and then take a week of vacation to read it and see if I can make any of these neat functions that I read about work.

Hardly a week goes by that I don't actively think how much I hate this phone. I actually signed on to Amazon today just to write this because the phone wasn't working properly today. What a piece of junk!
