
Prior to buying this phone I had heard a lot of people say that Motorola's hardware was very good, but that their software left a lot to be desired.  Nonetheless I decided to try this phone out when it came time to start a new cell plan.  I had made the decision to switch to T-mobile and this looked like one of the best phone options.  Right off the bat I found out that the people who criticized Moto's software were right on the money.  There are a host of poorly designed software aspects of this phone, not the least of which is the -- frankly -- idiotic way the phone book is designed.  Eventually I made peace with all of the things I disliked about the V360 since at least it seemed to work well enough as a phone.  

As time went by I started noticing that I was missing a lot of calls.  The phone would be in my bag or in my pocket or sitting on my desk when suddenly it would ring with the voicemail notification from a message that I had received anywhere from minutes to hours before.  During the course of the last few months (the phone is less than a year old) I've also found that it has begun crashing.  A lot.  Opening or closing it will result in a "white screen of death."  Putting it on the charger will cause it to switch back and forth between the messages that it is charging, that it is unable to charge and that it's SIM card cannot be found, after a few minutes of which it will simply shut itself off.  With a full battery charge it will continually shut itself off.  

At this point I am forced to conclude that this phone is an absolute piece of junk.  I am also forced to conclude that it isn't the only model which is.  None of my coworkers has ever had a good experience with a Motorola phone.  My wife's Motorola has shown its own host of problems.  People working for T-mobile at several stores I have visited have confided that they never, ever recommend Motorola phones to anyone.  In fact I've had T-mobile employees urge me to not buy any phones from them, but rather to shop for an unlocked Nokia online.  So that's what I'm going to do.  

Until I can buy a new phone all I can do is recharge this phone every night, restart it five or six times a day, and keep apologizing to my friends, family and employers for always missing their calls
