
I've used the Palm OS going on 10 years now.  When my Treo 270 died, I bought a used 270 on Ebay.  Eventually that one died too and I bought an unlocked 650 on Amazon.  

I called Palm "tech support" on issues I had with it (dial up networking didn't work on internal browser with T-Mobile).  Forgive me for saying it, but the guy at Palm support was as dumb as dumb can be.  I got someone overseas who told me one inaccurate thing after another (he insisted that my Treo 270 never allowed dial up networking with the internal browser -even though I told him first hand that I used it all the time- did he think I was lying to him?).   He knew nothing about the phone and kept deferring to a supervisor, constantly keeping me on hold and it was just a huge waste of time.  After a few calls like this with no resolution I gave up and decided to return the 650.

I then tried the T-Mobile MDA.  I was uneasy of the idea of switching to Windows PocketPC but decided to give it a try.  For me it was a huge mistake-  Pocket PC is a joke and completely unintuitive.  They expect you to study how to use their OS in order to make use of its clumsy interface.  Friends tell me they sell 3rd party applications that make it easier to use, but c'mon- when you buy a phone you expect it to work right from the beginning- I don't want to have to spend time learning and installing additional software for it to work properly.

Finally, I give up on Pocket PC (sold it on Ebay) and give Palm another try when I see the 680 come out.  The dialup networking issue is no longer a problem on the 680 (as compared to the 650) and I buy it unlocked directly from Palm.  Overall, it's a decent phone and I just feel way more comfortable with Palm OS over Pocket PC.  Palm customer support is still useless and, as others have mentioned, the lack of a standard Mini-USB connector is simply inexcusable.  Still, I'm much happier with Palm-OS over Pocket PC.

As I use it, I see that the battery doesn't seem to last very long (just over 2 hours of talktime at the most).  I hesitantly call Palm support and get some flunkie again-  I decide to cut my losses and stop wasting my time with their "support".  I'm just going to buy a second battery and second charger to keep the phone charged.  I hate the idea of making such a compromise, but for me it's the lesser of two evils.  The fact that Palm would release a phone with such terrible battery life is indicative of their customer mindset.  They just don't care.   As clunky as my Windows MDA was, its battery life was at least 3 to 4 times what the Treo gives me (even though the MDA has a much bigger screen).

IMHO the Smartphone market is still going through growing pains-  The original Handspring Treo was designed by good people, when Palm bought them out they cashed in on the Treo product line but the customer oriented mentality of Handspring went right out the window -along with any intelligent design evolution of the Treo.  Most of the better designed smartphones on the market (Samsung, Motorola, HTC Wizard) are all made for Pocket PC because Microsoft has used it's clout to take over the market.  I just wish other manufacturers offered Palm-OS based smartphones again- this way you'd get the intuitive interface of Palm, without having to be limited to Palm's poorly designed hardware.

....maybe it's time I finally give the Blackberry a try.... :
