This is a great phone that I've used for a year now.  I'd like to highlight the standout features that make this phone unique, especially at its price.

MP3 player.  Just get an adapter for the usb port (a few bucks on eBay) and you can plug in your stereo headphones.  Too bad they haven't offered an update to the Motorola Digital Audio Player.

MicroSD slot.  You can take a MicroSD card, put it into the included adapter and plug into an SD slot on your computer and copy MP3s (you can take any mp3 and make it your ringtone, cropping it will make it more effective), 3GP videos (animation looks great, but the sound was slightly out of sync, search the web for video converters to convert your content), or pictures.  I love making my own ringtones and not having to buy them.

Bluetooth.  I got an Explorer 320 headset for $20 and it works great with it.

Battery.  Easily exchangeable.  Easily slide off the cover and pop in a fresh one.  The battery life isn't very long, so it's good to have a spare battery, they're cheap.

Video camera. Not high quality video, but its something the old RAZR couldn't do.

Customization.  I love customization.  You can set up the hotkey on the side of the phone, the two on the top of the keypad, and the directional pad to go directly to most functions of the phone.  It even has a shortcut list to list all your favorite features.  You can easily make any picture including pics you take into your wallpaper.  Also you can find replacement faceplates to make your phone unique.

Speakerphone.  Works even when closed.  Good for using automated phone menu systems and when you're put on hold.  The speaker is loud and great for ringtones and mp3s.  The plastic may resonate at certain sounds though.

Vibrating alert.  VIBE THEN RING!  Why doesn't every phone have this??  It should be the default standard for all phones.  The vibration is definitely strong enough to feel in a pocket.  If you are one to show off your ringtone, let it move onto ring, otherwise be descreet and answer immediately.

-----------------------------------------------------------

As for what I don't like.  I don't care much for the Motorola menu style.  I prefer Sanyo and Samsung interfaces.  The menu is the same as a RAZR or SLVR.  All the lettering on the outside as well as some case paint has rubbed off.  I carry my phone in my pocket so the phone has aged a bit.  I scraped off the remainder of the lettering so it wouldn't look half worn off.

-----------------------------------------------------------

All the great features is what keeps me from getting a Samsung t509 or other more expensive phones.  This phone just has all the fee-free features you could want

