So I bought this thing based on the Amazon reviews and saved a bundle over the local retail cost (yeah Amazon!), but that's not why I'm writing this review.

I'd like to talk about the performance and comfort of the Earboom.  The eargel thingies are designed quite well, of the three different sizes for each ear you're bound to find one that fits very comfortably.  Turns out I couldn't find any that fit my right ear comfortably for extended periods of use but found a perfect fit in my mate on the other side.  My wife had the exact opposite experience - hopefully our daughter will inherit more symmetrical ears!  I hate jogging so can't comment on the fit during that activity but can say the gels fit suprising well in the folds of your ear and the boom is quite secure when installed.  I'd have to imagine it'd take a big hit to knock it loose once in place.

Sound quality from the earbud is decent, but I feel the Earboom lacks some fidelity, especially the higher frequencies.  Normally this is not a problem, but it can sometimes make the person you're talking to sound like Isaac Hayes.  The speaker is plently loud and the lack of high frequencies allows you to tune into the tonal range where us humans tend to converse, without having the voices washed over with background noise.  The gels block an appropriate amount of external sounds allowing you to concentrate on the discussion at hand without impeding your ability to hear say an ambulance while driving.  There is a small slot on the gels that funnels some external noise to your drum, while the rest of the gel fits snug to the ear blocking out other stray noise paths.

I've asked people how I sound and thus far the feedback has been positive, my voice comes through loud and clear despite the boom's apparent lack of length, reinforcing my belief that size DOESN'T matter.  In fact, I have found the mic to be very sensitive to even small sounds.  Forget talking on the phone and subtly typing on the keyboard our mouse click surfing - they'll hear every click.  Another example, I was in my house and the person on the other end could hear the kids playing in the pool 40 feet away with the house windows closed!!  Yes, the mic is that sensitive.  Even while driving they could hear when I shifted gears.  Not that it's obtrusive to the other person on the phone, it's just good to be aware they can hear it all.

What more to say about such a simple device. Form Fit and Function are all there and I would recommend this product.  In fact, I just ordered another - it makes a great gift

