Bought this to replace my three-year-old cell phone and an ancient but still working Palm IIIc.  My observations after 30 days of ownership:

1.  Setup is time consuming but unavoidable.  Patience is required.  I've had a couple of questions that I asked Cingular, only to be forwarded to Palm, only to be forwarded to Microsoft, then back to Cingular.  It seems no Customer Service department has really mastered this unit.

2.  Have to do a soft reset every once in a while.  The unit turns off the sound by itself and the only way I've found to fix it is to do a soft reset.

3.  I'm not crazy about Microsoft Outlook's calendar compared to Palm's.  I miss several Palm features, like the "Go to" and the "Today" buttons.  Outlook's calendar just isn't as easy to manuever as Palm's.

4.  Phone listening volume is low, especially when the unit is in a protective case, which puts it a little further from your ear.

5.  Love the Bluetooth option.  It's new to me and it's just great.

6.  Love being able to press a picture to make a call.  We have five kids; I have each kid's picture linked to their phone number.  Even my technology-challenged husband can call them by simply pressing their picture.

7.  This phone talks!  A female voice announces who is calling and when your next appointment is.  The first time she spoke it about scared me to death.  The voice reminds me of the computer on Star Trek--but not as clear.  However, after getting used to her accent, she is intelligible, which means the computer is translating my written input into spoken words--amazing!

8.  The Internet connection has limited use for me.  I don't need email on the run and I could live without this and the extra monthly cost.  Most traditional Internet web sites take much too long to load and display too small a portion of the page to be useful.  It is nice to check the weather or get directions on the go.

9.  Can't imagine watching a movie or any complex video on this tiny screen.  What's the point?

10.  Splurged on a sweet little Vaja leather case that is wonderful.  Very expensive, but a terrific luxury.

11.  Amazon's prices were the best BY FAR on this product! Saved over $300 off my local retail Cingular dealer. 

12.  Best part:  I no longer have to carry a PDA and a cell phone!  They are one and the same!

13.  Conclusion: this phone is very smart and fun to use, although it comes with a big learning curve.  The low volume issue could be a problem for someone with bad hearing

