Two week review
I got this phone to use as a phone and am very happy with it. I have had it about two weeks now so this is the early review.

First, the qualifier. I have a nice canon camera and don't want to use my phone to take pictures. I don't want to use my phone to listen to music or surf the internet either, I just want it to make and receive calls and maybe a text here and there. If you are one of those people that has a different agenda for your phone, then this is probably not the phone for you.

The Good
Size is great. This phone is comparable to a Hershey bar in thickness and width, but shorter. It fits in my pants or shirt pocket without feeling bulky.  It makes a razr feel thick, but I am guessing it is comparable to a slvr. 

The Slice has good sound quality for such a small phone. It also has good reception. Sprints network is not the best in my area, but my slice has been able to connect wherever I am and maintains a strong connection even with 1 bar.

When I was in the car, the road noise got too loud to hear, but when I hit the speakerphone button I could hear fine, and keep my hands on the wheel. 

Virgin is definitely the most affordable option if you are not planning to use the phone a lot. I expect to spend between $150 and $200 this first year, including the $50 up front for the phone. The cheapest monthly plan on the big carriers would cost me at least 500 over a the same period with local taxes and fees included. Although I haven't tried them, it looks like the monthly plans with Virgin are pretty reasonable too if I start getting into that kind of usage level.

Many of the other Virgin phones look like toys. Although this ones name sounds like a toy and people under 18 recognize it, it also looks like a real piece of equipment. As an older professional I am not embarrassed to plop this phone on the conference table in a meeting with the VP. (in vibrate mode of course) At the same time, my 12 year old is hoping I hate it and get another phone so he can have this one because it is so cool.

The UI is well designed and easy to navigate except for the ridiculous menu. What were they smoking when they decided to use a pig for "my account," a dragon for "messaging," etc. Other than that, the features are all where you would expect them to be and navigating the menus is quite intuitive. 

Can't really comment on reliability on this phone after just two weeks, but it has already been dropped twice and still works fine.

The Bad
Perhaps because they are affordable in other ways, Virgin screws you on ringtones and background. The four ringtones included are unacceptable, and you are blocked from up or down loading your own. They do have a pretty big collection on their website you can get for $2.50 a pop, but none of them sound like a phone.  The included wallpapers were chosen to be the most despicable choices possible too, so you are likely to fork out $2.00 for a wallpaper from their web site for that as well. 

The buttons are a little too small. Most of the time I do fine, but every once in a while I hit two keys or the wrong key because they are so small. Of course once the numbers were all loaded into contacts and speed dials set I haven't run into that problem any more. 

Battery life has not lived up to what I read, but that might be because of how I use it. If I charge it every night I am fine. I ordered an extra charger to keep in the office and one for the car as well just in case.

Summary
After two weeks I am happy with this phone and would recommend it to someone looking for a phone to use for making phone calls. It is not big on extras like a camera, but what it does it does well. Virgin uses Sprint's network, see if you can find out about their network in your area before you buy a Virgin phone. [...

