My previous phone was the Motorola V60i with a monochrome screen with Cingular, so I am still getting used to all the differences in phone capabilities and have barely scratched the surface of what the i560 can do.  Here's a breakdown of the pros and cons so far (after a week).

PROS (in order of coolness, best first):
1. Nextel's Direct Connect is amazingly fast and their network very clear.  
2. Any call, either DirectConnect or regular call can be made with the flip open or closed.  You can scroll through recent calls with the flip closed and call any of them.  
3. If you're concerned about radio (RF) radiation - and you should be even though nobody talks about it anymore, this phone has the extendable antenna to get the transmission point further away from you (and improves the transmission).  
4. The speakerphone is as loud as you need it to be, even at dinning room table with the TV on and the sound patched through the stereo system (very impressive). There is virtually no lag in the switch between listening and speaking using the speakerphone (full duplex).  You can also turn its volume down to a whisper if you want to. 
5. The phone is a little wider than some phones (like the V60), but is very light.  Yet the phone meets the tough Military specs.
6. Rubberized grips on the phone make it easy to grip and dial with one hand and phone has a comfortable feel in my medium-sized hand. Phone has slight hourglass shape (wider at the bottom) to fit nicely into the hand.
7. Charger charges the battery FAST...MUCH faster than my V60 ever charged.
8. Phone has all the standard stuff I love and couldn't live without: voice dialing, custom rings for calls from my contact list, handsfree, long recent calls list (up to 20), ability to store number to Contacts from recent calls (without having to key the number, just have to enter the name). 

CONS (in order of annoyance, worst first):
1. The phone is almost completely made of plastic, and I've never thought plastic was as durable as metal. While Motorola makes truly awesome phones, I worry there might be an over-reliance on plastic to protect the insides of the phone.
2. When the phone is in the holster, the outside display is not visible, forcing me to remove the phone from the holster to see who's calling (for those that don't have a custom ring configured) or to check the time.  Very annoying, as I'm used to using my phone as a watch.
3. The icons on the outside display are small and those who are overdue for a new eye prescription might have trouble seeing and interpreting the icons.  The only two parts that are clear: the battery (important) and date/time.
4. The flimsy port cover at bottom of the phone (where you connect the charger, etc) make me think that someday I'm going to look down there and find it missing. It's easy enough to pop off, but sometimes takes "persuading" to put back and have it cover the slot completely (because it needs to be a snug fit to meet the military spec).

OVERALL, I really like the phone and highly recommend it to all

