I've had this phone for about a week now and I'm glad I waited to post a review because my initial reaction was not very positive. Coming from owning a RAZR and many Windows-based devices, there was an initial learning curve to some of the functions. Also, I was NOT convinced that the strange keyboard would really recognize what you were attempting to type. Boy was I wrong about that one. OK, so for the review.

My motivation for purchasing was primarily to get a PHONE first, with a few bells and whistles for when I just want to play with the device. The Pearl fits that bill perfectly. Phone quality is excellent. Loading ringtones (a pain at first) proved to be relatively easy once I did a little research. Ringtones play very loud and clear. The music player is MUCH better than first impressions would lead you to believe. After a few hours of frustration, I was all ready to purchase a 3rd party app. Again, did some research, visited a few forums, and found out there is much more functionality in the included music player than you might realize. As an owner of a NANO, I was disappointed with the interface of the player. But once you go into the menu functions, you'll find much more functionality. It's not an ipod, but it works as an decent replacement. And if you're not an ipod owner, you'll likely have no complaints. Sound of tunes is quite nice when using headphones. Camera is only so-so, but I don't really care about that anyway. Must admit that I thought it would be better since it is a megapixal camera. The couple of pictures I took were dark and somewhat grainy. Part of why I dropped my rating from 5 stars. As far as email, I have a BB from work and they won't let me use a non-work issued device to access the network, so I have no opinion on email functionality. Organizer features (calendar, tasks, notes, etc) seem more than adequate. Much better than any of my old Pocket PC devices.

The only complaints I would have is that there are still 2 basic things that I haven't been able to figure out and while I'm admittingly not a techie, these should be pretty basic and intuitive. One, I would like to set one of my ringtones as the default ringer. That should be fairly simplistic but I can't figure it out. Two, I would like to change the order of the icons on some of the themes. Again, should be pretty basic, but no go. Almost forgot, can't listen to music through bluetooth. Not sure why, but this is really my only MAJOR complaint.

Only minor complaints. All in all, a pretty sweet device. And BTW, form factor and looks are simply the best out there. I came so close to purchasing the Blackjack, very happy that I went with the Pearl.

UPDATE - Figured out how to set default ringtone and move icons. Coming from a Windows mobile environment, I was expecting something along the lines of: Start-programs-etc-etc. Everyting in windows takes so many keystroks. With the Pearl, it was so easy. I was simply expecting it to be much more difficult based on my prior experience. I'm going to still keep it at 4 stars because of the lack of BT stereo. Otherwise, as close to a perfect device as I've used (and I've used quite a few)

