I think this is a pretty good earpiece...  granted, I've only used one other (it was a flimsy little thing that came w/ my friend's Nokia), but this one far surpasses that one in sound quality and comfort.  Where my friend's would fall out of my ear, this one (once I got it figured out) never comes loose.    Second, listening to people on my friend's, I would have to turn up the sound to hear the person well, and then they sounded muffled and distorted; but on my Jabra I can actually turn down the volume on my phone and they sound crisp and clear-- moreso than when I'm not using the earpiece.  Finally, when my friend calls me and uses her earpiece, she sounds distant and muffled; I've had no complaints from the people I'm talking to using the Jabra, and, in fact, my mom said it sounds better when I use the EarBoom than when I don't.

The ear gels are a bit hard to get used to.  They are oddly shaped (as you can see in the picture), and there are six of them total-- three of them for each ear.  Lots of reviewers complained about the fit and comfort of the ear gels, while others claim these are the most comfortable earpieces they've used and that they fit perfectly...  I can honesly say I've had both experiences.  When I first got this unit the earpiece kept falling out everytime that I would turn my head: *very* frustrating.  I tried pushing it into my ear as hard as I could, I tried holding it in place with my hand, but that only seemed to defeat the purpose of having a hands-free earpiece.  Nothing seemed to work.  I was thinking of returning it.  I was thinking of throwing it into traffic on I-95.  And then one day, somehow, I came to the realization that you have to sort of twist it into your ear-- with the little poky-out part stuck in the fold of your ear next to the ear canal (not the fold on the top of your ear; if you do that it'll just pop out again)-- and then *voila* it stays put.  Matter o' fact, it'll stay put so well that it'll be a little bit difficult-- even *painful*-- to get out again.
I can imagine that people with different ear sizes, different patience levels, and lower IQs might have different experiences than my own.  But all I can say is that once I had this little bugger figured out, I was golden.  I love this thing and almost never talk on the phone without it.
Admittedly, it is a bit difficult to get into your ear-- I'd say it takes upward of 2 seconds to get in properly (before you're good and practiced at it), which may not sound like a lot, but it's long enough to not recognize somebody's voice or hear the first sentence they say, or whatever.  A *very mild* frustration.  But like all things good and pleasant, it takes a little practice to get it just right and now I have it so that I can answer the phone, slip the EarBoom in my ear and start a conversation without missing a beat.  In fact, I find this earpiece to be so comfortable that I forget that it's in until I go to scratch my ear or something!

The other complaint that I saw on here was that it's not compatible with Nokia phones.  In fact, it even says right on the package that it's not compatible with Nokia.  That's funny, I have a Nokia 3589i and it works just fine.  They make two other models of EarBoom (one of which clearly would not have worked with my phone), both of which claim to be Nokia compatible, and *neither* of those works with my phone!  Confusing?  Yes!  The problem is it doesn't work with *all* Nokia phones.  While browsing at the store I noticed that the ones that claimed to be Nokia compatible had a list of phones that it works with, but it didn't include mine (it included one that was, numerically speaking, very close to my model: the 3590); which piqued my curiosity.  And so I went to the friendly manager of the store that I was in and he opened two of the different packages for me and let me test both of them.  One of them worked, the other didn't.  The strange part of it was that we couldn't see a visible difference in the two units...  and then one of us noticed that on one of them the jack had two small black stripes around it (that's this one, and if you look closely at the picture you can see them), while the other one (the one marked as Nokia compatible) had three.  Hmmm...  Curious.
So my advice is to either know your phone well (as in, have the little book handy) or ask for help before purchasing.

All in all 4 of 5 stars.  I'd give it 5 stars on performance and comfort, but have to take it down a notch for an extended period of getting used to it and for confusing packaging.

Addendum:
Several months later the little piece of foam has fallen from the end of the boom so that any sound from the wind becomes almost unbearably loud for the person at the other end...  And living in windy Providence, this is a bit of an annoyance.
Also, for a while I was having a problem where the earpiece would cut out for seconds at a time so that I couldn't hear the person on the other end of the line (and, likewise, they couldn't hear me) unless I jiggled the little jack.  This was *very *FRUSTRATING.**  Now, for some reason, I'm not having that problem anymore.  I'm not really sure if the problem was due to my phone or the EarBoom.  Either way, it's something buyers should be aware of

