I purchased this Nokia 5300 Black at the T-Mobile store. It does come with 1 GB memory card and I was able to easily load up 160 songs last night with no problems. Phone comes with USB cable to connect to your computer. I have a Mac so this was easy to do. You will not be able to download songs bought from iTunes but you can load up AAC files and mp3 and mp4. You can hold up to 500 songs if they are all 3.5 minutes long and compressed to 128 kps. My music is usually remixed and/or longer than 3.5 minutes each.

I wasn't able to sync up with Bluetooth to my iBook but I was able to pair with my Motorola T305 that I will be using in my car. Apple has not approved the Nokia 5300 yet to sync. I am sure it is a matter of time since the phone is rather new.

Overall, I love the feel of this phone, has wonderful 2 in screen, color is great, camera is cool, and it is very intuitive to use. 

I have been with Samsung over the last three years and I was concerned about going back to a Nokia. However, the speakerphone is absolutely great compared to the Motorola 195 that I originally got but returned. 

Once you load up your songs, the speaker is impressive. This morning, I had the phone playing music in one part of the house, and I had to go get something at the other end of the house, and I could still hear the music perfectly.

Calling on the phone was better than expected. I was talking to my friend during busy traffic and lots of people/background noise and I was able to carry on a pleasant conversation with her unlike my Samsung that was difficult to do this with.

The phone is quite sturdy. And I am happy to have a phone that not everyone has - a Motorola Razor. This Nokia 5300 looks a bit chucky compared to that phone but I feel like I have a very unique phone that is more than a phone. 

Who needs an iPod mini when you can get this and your phone all in one?

I just ordered the Boxwave Frost Case for this phone. There is very little to chose from at the T-Mobile store as far as accessories and Nokia.com didn't have much either.

*****

The alarm feature to wake up is cool too. You can choose to wake up to your favorite song that you have downloaded and you can program it to slowly increase the volume of the song for your alarm. It also comes with programmable snooze. What a dream!

*****

You can make calls without even having to slide the phone to dial. As long as you have the number you want already stored in your phone book, then all you have to do is look up and press the green button! 

*****

When you are playing your music, if an incoming call comes in, it will stop playing the song and then alert you with the normal ring tone that a call is coming in. Once you are done with the phone call, you can resume playing your music.

*****

As I said, this phone is a gem in all areas - speaker, sturdy, colorful, I think it is contemporary and an acquired taste for sure but nonetheless appealing, call quality is great even in loud areas, and lots of little creature comforts.

Definitely consider this phone if you really like to have music and bluetooth and speakerphone. Else, this may not be the phone for you

