For the $50 bucks you pay here, you get the phone plus 300 minutes of airtime.  That's not a bad deal considering if you bought the phone itself elsewhere, it would be $20 bucks, and buying the airtime separately would also total approximately $20 some odd bucks or so.  Plus tax. So cost works about to be about the same.  Frankly, I see no savings to buying this phone on this site versus elsewhere. 

Regarding the sim card, I noticed nothing unusual or problematic about insertion.  A sim card is a delicate silicon apparatus that is highly susceptible to ESD -electro static discharge- just like computer RAM is.  ESD is probably the primary reason why so many reviewers phones here have failed.  I'd bet every single one of them reside in geographical locations where the weather is cold and snows.  Before you handle the sim card, you should "ground" yourself by touching something metal.  Otherwise you run the risk of destroying the sim card with ESD.

The phone itself is OK.  It's BASIC.  Emphasis on the basic.    I just transferred my mobile # from a Motorola V120c and notwithstanding the annoying 20 polyphonic ringtones on the c139, about the only edge the c139 has over the V120c is the color display.  Please also note that c139 does not have any kind of interface as to a pc so that means you are stuck with the bundled ringtones and the wallpaper.  IMO, Motorola could have added a port to accomodate a USB interface to this model.  It was short-sighted and just dumb not to considering the V120c -also in the same price range- has such a port.  

Voicemail is extremely problematic to set up at this time.  I only just had the phone activated on this past Saturday (10/28/06) and it took over 5 hours for my number to be transferred over to the new phone.  Also, it is an entirely new network.  In Southern California, the network this model TracFone uses is Cingular.  

Suffice it to say, I followed all the instructions on the website explicitly, however Cingular just keeps regurgitating its canned message that it doesn't recognize my number and to input my voicemail number. And around and around it goes.  I anticipate nothing but problems with "technical support" when I contact them.  They are very polite as customer service reps, however they can barely speak or understand English.  I am envisioning hours of BS with the call I have to make because past experience has indicated to me that these reps are not technical whatSOever. Note to Tracfone:  Customer service reps from Mexico who can barely communicate with your American consumers are most assuredly NOT TECH SUPPORT.  

Also, I wasn't overly impressed with the keypad where it concerns text messaging.  The V120c is actually more intuitive. It's much easier to use.  But the c139 does have one advantage in this regard - text messages cost only 0.3 units versus on the V120c, TracFone was deducting 0.5 units for each incoming and outgoing text message.  I'm not sure why that is considering the deduction of units has zip to do with the model of the phone.  It should be one uniform deduction across the board.  Consumers should contact TracFone customer service and inquire about this phenomenon.

Bottom line is that I would recommend this phone to anyone who is upgrading from a monochromatic LED phone and wants an *inexpensive* phone with a much easier on the eyes color display.  Inexpensive as in you bought it from a retailer for $20 bucks.  But if you want pretty new ringtones and wallpaper, and a little more flexibility, then get yourself a Nokia 2126. For the same money you spend here, the Nokia is a better phone.  It has a USB port, a speakerphone, plus other extras.  And you probably won't have any trouble setting up the voicemail either.

