I just purchased this phone four days ago and have been impressed with it for the most part. The first thing you'll notice is how crisp and clear the screen is.  This is a slider phone, and thankfully you can do most things without sliding the screen to expose the number keys. The only things that I can think of thus far that requires you to expose the keys is to dial a new number that's not in your contacts and to text message.

Next, we go to the features.  So we got a 1.3MP camera, camcorder, music player, 1GB microSD card, bluetooth support, and infrared port..and *drumroll please* an FM radio.  Now, the FM radio isn't satellite based, so you cannot pick up radio stations from across the U.S., just those stations local to you.

Now I will go into the good and bad things about each feature:

1.  Camera - Impressive picture quality. Yes it's only 1.3MP compared to those 8MP digital cameras, but can you show me a camera that does what this phone does? 5/5

2.  Camcorder - Not all that impressive.  While you are recording, the quality seems perfect.  However, once you play it, it turns a bit distorted.  Plus, it only allows for 20 seconds of recording time regardless of the size of your microSD card. 3/5

3.  Music Player - Impressive.  The speaker is of good quality, and very loud.  However, I still could not find a way to change the order of the songs without making a playlist.  There's play, pause, next song, previous song, fast forward, and rewind features as buttons as shown in the pictures. The buttons must be pressed fairly hard, so your music won't start playing spontaneously in your pocket. Also, I was blown away on how the quality of the music improves once you put on those stock earbuds. 4/5

4. FM Radio - I bet those that have this phone tried to use the radio but stopped short and told you to buy an enhancement.  Well, the truth is you don't need to buy anything extra.  Just plug in the earbuds that came with the phone, and this will serve as an 'antenna' and will allow you to hear stations. And since you need the earbuds to hear the radio, yes the sound will go to the earbuds. However, there's a 'loudspeaker' option that allows the radio to be played through the external speaker, but you still need to keep the earbuds plugged in, as it serves as the 'antenna'.  This means that if you want to hear the radio on your phone, you NEED to have the earbuds with you. You may need to play around with the position of the phone and antenna (or you may have to move) in order to get clear reception. 3/5

Misc. Info:

Only two games to included, and both trials. (Lumines, Texas Hold'em)

You can't transfer games from another phone. You must pay and download them again.

You can't delete the pre-created profiles (those that come with the phone). You can just create your own.

In order to change the phone to vibrate, you must make a vibrating profile. Then to use it, it takes several steps, which is not hard, but inconvenient. 

The interface shows the month and date, but not the day of the week.

Only two face templates included with the phone.

That's all for now.

Overall: 4/

