
Using a Chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing, and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for.  After the water is brought to a boil, it's important to wait for it to cool just slightly (about 30 seconds) and then you need to wet the grounds in the filter, wait for them to drain, and then fill the pot with water.  Want more than a single cup of coffee?  You wait for your first pour to brew, and then fill the filter again.

Some advantages over other forms of coffee brewing:

1. Taste: I don't know how it does it, but the filter does keep your coffee from being bitter. 

2. Cleanability: Users can keep all necessary components clean (anyone who's brewed water and vinegar through their coffee maker to kill off a bitter taste that wasn't there when you bought it understands this plight).  Oftentimes, the most aggressive criticism of the Chemex is its ponderousness to clean because it's not possible to get your hand into the reservoir.  Some people prefer to add hot water and soap and give it a good rinse, which is fine if you clean the moment you empty the pot, but if you're like me and you let the remaining sip or two sit until a nice coffee stain is on the glass, then you need some good 'ol fashion friction to get it clean.  The best thing I've found: a baby bottle cleaner.  It's narrow enough to get into the reservoir and the angle can be adjusted to scrap the walls, too.  Brilliant!

3. Electricity Free: As long as you can boil water, you can have coffee.

4. Mud/Sludge: French press and stove-top espresso-style brewing always leaves a thick slime at the bottom of an otherwise rich cup of coffee.  Don't get me wrong: I think that's good (I use a French Press when I'm in the mood), but the cone on a Chemex doesn't allow that at all.

5. Style/Size: the Chemex coffee pot is a relic (designed in the 40s) and the wood cuff with rawhide tie screams simplicity and elegance and it's a wonderful, minimalist sight on any kitchen counter (and unlike electric coffee makers, easy to move if you need the space).

Some drawbacks any purchaser should consider:

1. Time: it does take 5 - 10 minutes of labor to get the morning cup of coffee.

2. Cones: you can't run over to Wal-Mart when you use the last filter; you need to find a specialty store or go online, which means you need to plan ahead.

3. Cold Coffee: no electric hot plate (thank god) means coffee not poured and consumed immediately gets cold quickly.  You can buy a wire guard and a glass lid so your Chemex can be warmed on the stovetop.  I think that's more labor added to an already laborious endeavor.  Just have a warmed thermos ready and use that to store any unused coffee.

4. Learning Curve: It does take some time to get the grind right, the amount right and the water level right to find a cup which caters to your tongue.

5. Cleanability: I know this is in the advantages column, as well, but it's worth mentioning that a lot of people hate cleaning these things.  To  submerge it does mean pulling off the wood cuff (which is a small pain) else it will get nasty over time
