
I have been using a Chemex 10-cup coffee maker for several weeks and have never had such good coffee before in my life. I am constantly looking forward to my next pot of coffee!

There is a downside to this coffee maker: it is a more manual procedure than what you are used to, and it also takes a couple of pots to learn how to use this most efficiently. The first time I tried to use mine, I had ground my coffee way too finely and it just took forever! The big time consumers: you have to boil your water separately (you do have a water kettle right?) and then you have to gradually pour the boiled water through the Chemex. This means that while the coffee is brewing, you are pouring, or watching, or giving the filter area a bit of a stir.

Now the up side: you will never ever ever drink a better cup of coffee. I use filtered water, freshly ground home roasted beans, and this Chemex to produce the finest coffee I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. And this coffee is a pleasure! In fact, I've totally given up using cream and sugar because my coffee no longer has anything to hide. 

Another up side: clean up means swishing the Chemex with warm water and tossing the water down the drain. You can also wash with a bottle brush but this is rarely necessary. A brief swish is really all it takes to get your Chemex looking factory new. Try that with your electric drip machine! Ha! That thing will NEVER look brand new!

Oh, here's a final upside: this Chemex brews the best coffee you'll ever drink, and it costs less than just about anything. You are probably already spending more money than this every month at Starbucks! 

Go ahead and buy yourself one of these. If necessary, wake up 10 minutes earlier to make your coffee. Better yet, wake up 20 minutes earlier. And when your coffee is ready, instead of dumping it into a travel cup and bolting out the door, sit down and enjoy your first cup for the next 10 minutes. You deserve it!

UPDATE: 
It's been a year now and I still love this Chemex. However, over time the glass acquired a coffee color tinge that gradually became darker with each use. Nothing I tried got it clean, but something my wife tried did: a splash of bleach in otherwise clean water followed by a thorough swishing.
Now my Chemex looks brand new
