
This is the best, most beloved item in my kitchen!!!

I only wish I had bought the grinder and all the different cups (which I am going to now add on).

I read some of the other reviews---and at first I was also disappointed with this blender.  Now that I have learned how to use it, I LOVE IT!!! 

DO NOT put Protein powder into it first, it will get stuck in the bottom of the cup which you invert onto the blades (When you invert it, the bottom becomes the top).  If you put liquid in first and then the powder there's no problem.  You have to learn how to use it.  You will want to put the frozen fruit in last if you are making something really thick.  

I read the reviews here before I bought mine and a woman said hers was junk but I went ahead and read the rest of the reviews and decided to buy it.  If mine breaks in a year, it will have been well worth the price.  I use it every day and sometimes three times a day.  On a hot day when I want something slushy and cold, I'll put in orange juice with some strawberries and ice---in a flash you have a refreshing drink.  It's fabulous.

I could use my Cuisinart, but this blender is so easy and quiet by comparison.  There are no buttons to push, you just fill the cup with your juice (I often add protein powder) and something frozen (Ice or frozen fruit) and screw on the lid (which have blades in it) and put it on the blending base and twist.  You can either twist and pusle it, or twist and leave it to blend on its own.  Then you take the lid off, rinse, and that's it. 

I love hummus and I will never make it in the blender because you have to dig it out and most of it gets left behind.  With this gadget, you fill the cup, blend it, then screw off the blade lid, screw on the refrigerator lid, and that's it.  Nothing to scrape, just put it in the refrigerator.  (Oh yes, you do have to rinse off the blade lid, that's the whole clean-up).

If you like frozen drinks or sauces you blend, this is a great gadget!!!  I live in two places and I am getting another one for the other place, but I'm buying the complete set this time
