
What an awesome product!  Heavy-duty and sturdy, you'd never know it was an "assemble-at-home" item.   It's a quality piece of furniture.  It's on wheels, which is a good thing because it is surprisingly heavy.

Let's start at the top:  The butcher block top.  It's three inches thick and, as such, it is the heaviest part of the entire kitchen cart.  It is made of fine, high-quality Asian hardwoods.  The finish is oiled and the manufacturer recommends seasoning it regularly with mineral oil.

The next is the cart itself.  Immediately under the butcher block top, there is a 2" deep drawer.  It's large and deep enough to accommodate a standard utensil holder or other items of your choice.  The pull handle on the drawer is fashioned out of brushed chrome.

Beneath the drawer, there is a shelf.  Surrounding the shelf on three sides are brushed chrome rods, adding a modern look.  Matching the brushed chrome are three hooks on the right side of the cart, perfect for hanging larger utensils or pot holders.

Below the shelf is a cabinet with two doors.  The pull handles for the doors also have a brushed chrome finish.  The cabinet is large enough to hold an entire set of dinnerware (as in my case where I have eight place settings that include dinner and luncheon plates, fruit and soup bowls, and more).

Finally, heavy-duty, professional grade caster wheels support the whole thing.  The two in the front are locking.  To prevent stubbed toes, the wheels can easily be rotated and tucked under the unit.

The easy to follow directions for assembly (which are diagrammed and in English) call only for a Philips screwdriver.  A hex wrench is included for the 18 hex bolts.  I used an electric screwdriver for both the Philips screws (14 in all) and the hex bolts (after I found the right sized hex tip for my screwdriver).

I can happily report that all pieces fit together easily (no struggling to match up this piece with that piece) and all holes are pre-drilled.

The drawer requires assembly also.  The runners for the drawer are already attached!  You must put together the front, sides and back of the drawer with screws (again, all holes are pre-drilled).  

A word of advice regarding assembling the drawer:  Follow the directions where it says to put the screws in only halfway before trying to attach the bottom of the drawer.  I made the mistake of tightening the screws too much and had trouble sliding the bottom into the assembled front, back and sides.  It's a snug fit.  Once I loosened the screws enough, the bottom easily popped into place and I was able to sock it in securely by tightening the screws.

I have only one other thing to mention regarding the assembly of the entire cart: Once the body of the cart is assembled and the unit is standing upright, you must lift the butcher block and set it down on the top of the cart.  At this point, you have already placed four cam lock screws on the top of the cart and they're pointing upward.  These screws will fit into four pre-drilled holes on the bottom of the butcher block.  You must align the screws on the cart with the holes on the butcher block as you place the butcher block on top of the cart.  Because the butcher block is so heavy, you may want to have help.

But what a reward it was to see the unit fully assembled and then to marvel at what a quality piece of furniture it ended up being.  IKEA sells a similar item for twice the money.

I give the Home Styles Double Door Kitchen Cart with Butcher Block Top 5 stars because of the beauty of the product and its better-than-a-bargain price
