
As I tend to "nurse" a cup of tea at the office for a while, I decided to purchase this product this after looking around for a GOOD desktop electric mug warmer to use with a standard ceramic mug.  Such a product just doesn't seem to exist; check the Amazon customer ratings.  I  had one a number of years ago, and it was lousy (had hoped that someone had built a better mousetrap, but no one has!)

I purchased this mug just about a month ago.  It's so good, I had to share the secret, and even if an improved electric warmer DID exist, I don't think I'd bother with its cord and risks given how good this is.  I'm sorry to see, though, that it's no longer available through Amazon (perhaps elsewhere on the Web?).  

I can make a mug of tea (a generous 20 oz) around 10a.m., and even by mid to late afternoon, 4 or 5p.m., it's still warm enough to enjoy.  And that's after leaving the top off for the first half hour or so to let it cool enough to drink!  Indeed, if there's a "fault" with it, it's almost TOO efficient if you use boiling water for the tea and want to take a sip right after you've finished brewing!  

Though called a "travel" mug, it won't fit into any auto cupholder I've seen.  It's really perfect for a desk.  It's relatively low (taller than a typical ceramic mug, though), the base is nice and wide, and there's a ring of rubber/silicone type material (which has not scuffed anything on my desk) around the edge of the bottom that really is non-slip; between these features it seems quite stable.  The removable black plastic top (friction secured with the typical silicone type O ring around the edge) allows you to move the opening anywhere you want, to use left or right handed.  There's a simple slide to open/close the drinking aperature.  The interior is also stainless steel, so no plastic taste.  Even with boiling water inside, the outside remains virtually at room temperature (as you'd expect, given its thermal efficiency).

My only complaint (minor) is that it is NOT dishwasher safe (and I haven't tested it!), but it's easy to hand wash.  With the wide mouth, you can readily get your hand into it to clean the bottom.

I have several inexpensive auto "insulated" mugs (key word here, I think, is "inexpensive"), that are truly underwhelming, so initially I didn't have high expectations for this, but it really is fantastic.  If you want a hot beverage to keep for several hours on your desk, this is for you!  No regrets
