
I bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office.   I was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if this little unit was worth it.   I'd looked at the small Haier unit and was not impressed with the plastic interior.  

I broke a lot of rules setting this up.   Its not connected to the hot water supply, since I have a very old sink and the only other connection I had was to cold water lines.   Also, the machine is on the floor, under the sink.   I bought new hoses to make the connections.   Luckily, the standard connectors on the back made this easy -  the fill is a standard clothes washer fill line, and the drain can take a piece of garden hose.   I was concerned with the garden hose holding up to very hot wash drain water, but so far its been okay. (If I was installing this anyplace else or using this in my home, I might not be so nonchalant.)

My unit was used, from an area where there was very hard water, and the previous owners had never cleaned the innards of the machine.   I soaked everything in CLR to remove the scale from the sump grill, the heating element and the wash arm,  and cleaned the gunk out from under the door seal, and away we went.

Since we are in an office, we always use the Sanitary wash to keep the cooties down.  The machine does an excellent job of getting even cold tapwater super hot, and the dishes will flash dry after the cycle is over, if you pop the door open.  The machine has no problem pumping wastewater through the drain line and up 3 feet into the sink.  

One reason I avoided the plastic tub Haier is noise.  If you load this machine carefully, you can prevent items from clinking against each other too much, and the machine will operate more quietly.  We've found that we can run the machine, have the office radio on, and still comfortably make phone calls without much trouble.

My only complaints would be that on occasion, the timer has gotten stuck (once or twice in 100 washes).  Also, some plastic items have been slightly warped by the heater.  Capacity is very decent, probably because the machine is pretty large.  Measure first
