
I read the reviews before I purchased this machine. I know from experience that reviews are extremely subjective and often times people misuse the appliance or simply expect more than a machine is capable of. So with this in mind I will put in my 2 cents.  

I have had my machine for two months and I use it about 4 times a week on a 200 square foot vinyl kitchen floor that accomodates two adults, a 4 year old and two dogs. Generally it works pretty well and is much more convenient than a regular mop and bucket. 

You must remember that this is a low cost residential machine and as such will not replace the suction and scrubbing power of a serious vacuum and elbow grease. 

The machine is set up to auto-shut off if you move the machine quickly or drop it down low. I agree with with the other writers about the poor suction capability but you must consider the overall design of the machine. A powerful adjustable head machine that would pick up more than dog hair and dust would be cost prohibitive. I see what Hoover was trying to do with this machine. They were trying to accomodate our scrubbing and vacuuming needs in one cost effective machine. They gave it a good shot but for all of us clean-freaks this machine doesn't quite hit the mark.

The water/cleaning solution section is, in my humble opinion, to small. I run out of water quickly and I have a very small kitchen. But the good news is that my kitchen is so small I can take three steps over to the sink and fill it up. :)  

One more comment before I give my final review...remember to follow the instructions and use ONLY the kind of cleaners Hoover recommends. There's a reason for this. If you use regular household cleaners that cut crease you will damage your machine and it will most certainly leak and die! The grease cutting agents in regular household cleaners and soaps strip the bearings and fry the gaskets.

So my final opinion is this. If you have a relatively small space and need a daily quick scrub it's a great time saver. It's a good overall cleaner if you need a quick vac-up of dog hair, scrub and mop. Any more heavy duty than that and you are back to the good old vacuum attachment, mop and bucket routine. If you are a cleanfreak, like me, you know that nothing replaces a good old fashioned hand-and-knees scrub. No machine will ever leave you satisfied. This machine was definately NOT made for heavy duty cleaning but for light daily use it's great.

I am giving this machine 4 stars because I think it does what it was designed to do...light cleaning. I would have given it 5 stars if the cleaning solution bucket was larger and the cut off mechanism was a little more liberal and a little more suction power would have been nice.

When Hoover finally comes up with a heavy duty scrubber with the suction power of a regular vacuum, scrubbing power of my own elbow and ability to get into corners and baseboards I'll be all over it! Until then, I'll settle for a daily scrub with this machine and a good hand scrub once a month.




