
I normally don't write reviews... but after owning several toasters in the past, and being very disappointed, I just had to write about this one.  I owned an old Toastmaster 4 slice toaster for about 20 years.  It never did brown evenly, but was a workhorse until finally the bread crumb tray broke.  Got my money's worth.  
I have done a lot of research on toasters on epinions, amazon, and others... and many people haven't been very happy with toasters they have bought costing nearly $300.00 (dualit).  Toastmaster, GE, Rival, Dualit, most Kitchenaid and Sunbeam models were poorly rated.  I found one review on this Sunbeam (this is their top of the line model, the chrome and black model costs more, but currently not in production.) and the person really really liked it.  So I ordered this from Amazon directly, this was the VERY lowest price I could find.  Order something else so as to get their free shipping!!! (over $25.00)
So what happened when I got it.
Got the toaster... plugged it in... dropped two slices of bread in, and excitedly waited for my toast.  A few minutes passed..... then.. POP!  its done... or so I thought.  When the toast came out... it was brown only on one side the other side poorly toasted.  This goes for BOTH slices.  Right then and there I was ready to send this thing back.  Well.... had been busy that week and continued using it day after day...  Each day was as disappointing as the first..... THEN.... after a little over a week.... The bread started toasting... uh.. well PERFECTLY!!!  After owning this for nearly 4 months... it still browns evenly on BOTH sides of each piece of bread, crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  I don't know why it started working right... wouldn't think that it would need to be "broken in" to work right.  I am so glad that I didn't send this back right after the first several toastings.... Procrastinating worked out in my best interest, for the first time.  I have not tried Bagels in this... don't like bagels.... but it does well for what I bought it for.  I think the style is rather funky, but many people have liked its looks.  If this toaster works for you as good as it has for me... I think you will like it!!!  If it doesn't work well right out of the box.... you might give it a few days.... maybe the toast fairy will bless you too.
