
When I adopted a cat a couple of weeks ago, two of my good friends highly recommended Fresh Step Premium Clay Cat Litter. Here's why--

This Fresh Step Premium Clay Cat Litter is excellent for your favorite kitty's litter box. The company states that it is very good at absorbing odors--and, by golly, it's TRUE! The odors are minimal at the very most and it is quite comfortable even for my rather sensitive cat. Moreover, I really like how the litter has the capacity to absorb and prevent odor causing bacteria in the litter before my cat even uses his litter box. That's a plus for any cat lover!

If you have more than one cat the manufacturer does recommend, not surprisingly, that you use more cat litter in the box. Otherwise, if you have just one cat, two or three inches worth of this cat litter spread about evenly throughout the empty litter box will do fine. You should change the entire litter box once a week on average. (I change mine about twice a week just for my cat's comfort.)

It's also a good idea to scoop out any "kitty remains" every other day or so. Be very certain NOT to flush any "kitty presents" down the toilet as the manufacturer warns against this. I suppose it could clog toilet pipes. Moreover, as you may suspect, any "kitty leftovers" could have some nasty germs that we don't want so wash your hands really carefully after you clean the box or even after you just remove any "kitty presents" with a scooper.

The fact that this is clay litter helps because you can use a very inexpensive litter scooper to remove any "kitty presents," thus reducing the number the times you need to change the entire kitty litter box. Nevertheless, I recommend changing the entire litter box at least once a week. Place the contents of the used litter box into a trash bag and discard as you would any other garbage.

In short, this is a great cat litter product at a great price. The contents of the bag last a long time, especially if, like me, you have only one cat. The manufacturer also offers customers (us, not the cats) an "awards" program with points that you can accumulate in your "account" with the company on the company Internet website. A nice plus! 

OK, Fresh Step--I thank you; my father and mother thank you; and, most importantly, my CAT says THANK YOU !!!      SMILES
