
I had a Pampered Chef sprayer that I loved, but it got clogged and stopped working after 2 or 3 years. I should have tried harder to find a Pampered Chef rep to buy another one, the Pampered Chef one works better than this one.

However, this is not a horrible product. One drawback compared to the Pampered Chef one is that you can't see through this one to see how high the oil level is. You want to fill it just a bit higher than halfway, and when it is less than 1/3 full you need to fill it back up or it won't work as well. This unit is even more finicky than the Pampered Chef one about the level, it almost won't spray if the level is too low. But since you can't see through it, even holding it up to the light, you have to look down in and estimate how high it is. The reflective coating inside makes it very hard to see how high it really is. You don't want to fill it all the way up, either.

Then, you need to pump it more than the Pampered Chef one needed to be pumped. This one sprays a very fine spray, finer than the Pampered Chef one. And it sprays quite nicely if you have the correct level of oil in there. 

I think I know why my old one got clogged. So I'm trying something new: each time I'm done, before I put it away, I twist the screw on cap around the nozzle and release the pressure. I think if you leave it pressured up all the time, like I did with my old one, it damages the nozzle over time. But time will tell if I'm right.

Another tip -- don't fill it with anything but olive oil. Other oils evaporate and leave a sticky/greasy feeling on the outside of the sprayer. You know what I mean if you use vegetable oil for stovetop cooking a lot, you get that greasy feeling on things that you leave near the stove or that hang over it. Olive oil doesn't do that, that's why I now don't use anything else on my stovetop (except sometimes peanut oil for stir frying). This type of sprayer will work much better if you just use Olive Oil in it, trust me.

But if you have a choice, go find a Pampered Chef rep and by their sprayer. It's cheaper and better quality
