
I have the black Fusion in my home office (which is next to a basement-level theater room), and my wife and I already love this machine.  We have tried all sorts of mixes, and we've only scratched the surface of what this machine can do.  This is one of the first times I've been so impressed with a product that I wanted to write a review for it.

Physical properties: It handles travel mugs (if you remove the drip tray, which is largely unneeded anyway), and all our "standard" mugs.  The drink head moves up and down, so it can sit flush against the rim of your mug to cut down on the already rare splashbacks (more common with "frothy" drinks than coffee and tea).  When it brews a filterpack, it blows air through at the end of the cycle to clear it out (and, thus, keep it from dripping as you remove it).  The water tank could be larger (if only because we're so enamored with it that we keep making drinks all day long), but if you have a ready source of water nearby, it shouldn't be a problem.  The tank fits better and slides on easier than the Senseo (which we also have).

Flavor-wise: It's made by M&M/Mars, so you can bet that the sweeter drinks (the so-called Indulgence fare) is excellent.  Coffee blends are quite good, especially the darker roasts like "French Roast" and "Sumatra".  Lattes made with Espresso Roast taste similar to Starbucks, moreso than other chains.

Clean-up: Wipe the inside of the drink head, and possibly the front of the plastic column (the colored portion) after any particularly "splashy" drinks.  No need to worry about cleaning up the area around the machine, especially if you keep the drink head on the rim of your mug.  Of course, you can't watch its magic when the drink head is that low, so your first few times, you'll probably get a drip here and there.

Final bits: We've had the Senseo since its launch.  Between pods that need "pre-wetting" to avoid blowing past the seal of the portafilter to the not-so-great varieties of drinks, the Senseo is lagging behind the Flavia.  We drink coffee, tea, espresso drinks, mixed blends, and sweet-tooth-friendly "indulgence" mixes every day with the Flavia, and it's brain-dead-easy to use.  Certainly easier to clean up after, too!  If you're on the fence between the Flavia and other single-cup offerings (like Senseo), get the Flavia.  Keurig and other single-cup offerings can't touch the variety of drinks you can make with the Flavia.    I'm sipping a lemon/blueberry tea blend now, made over ice, and it's fantastic.  Highly recommended
