
Like many people, I have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on. Despite talking to the neighbor politely and such, they still have no concern for the noise pollution. I was losing sleep, and the barking was getting so bad that I even considered moving! 

In desperation, we looked online for something to stop barking dogs. We came across Viatek's Super Bark Stop and decided to risk the money.

WOW, talk about being worth the money! My husband affixed the device on a piece of wood, and staked it about 5 feet high in our back yard. It's unsightly, yes, but we're the only ones to really see it. More importantly, it's RIGHT IN LINE WITH THE BARKING MUTT. The first time he tested it, he told me the dog about jumped out of its skin! We laughed gleefully. Could a good night's sleep actually be on the horizon...?

It's been several days and Super Bark Stop has worked AMAZINGLY. The dog will lie as far as it can away from the device...when it usually lay in the middle of the neighbor's yard. If it starts to yelp a little, it stops almost immediately. It's as if it's afraid to bark. YAY!

You can select the volume, tone, and number of barks to help eliminate false activation (say, from talking or loud bird squawking). Audible and inaudible both work fine, but we now keep it on inaudible at the two bark setting.

The device is waterproof plastic and you need 4 D batteries (not included) to operate it. 

I am SO thankful we found Super Bark Stop! My nerves were really getting jangled and I was dreading early mornings, when they put the mutt outside. It's amazing at how inconsiderate neighbors are; just because you may want a dog doesn't mean I want saddled with its noise while you neglect it!

P.S. After using Bark Stop for 2 weeks (yes, it did work!), we noticed that the neighbors dog started to bark a bit more. (Not as bad as before, though.) We had it on silent, and realized that it had stopped working. Apparently, it's not 100% waterproof, despite the claims of the manufacturer. The person I bought it from said that "once it's opened, we find that it's not 100% waterproof". Well guess what? You gotta open it to put the batteries in it! Either buy a faux bird house to protect Bark Stop or house it where it won't get wet. Otherwise, you may find yourself in the same position we were in. We got a refund, and fortunately for us, our neighbors got rid of their dog...so we didn't bother getting a new one
