
After 3 -1/2 years of pulling 4 to 8 shots of expresso per day, and steaming hundreds of gallons of delicious foamy milk, this little steam toy still works like new. Better than new, actually, because it has a better operator.  Good results require a bit of experimentation with the variables of different grinds and quantities of coffee and durations of extraction.  I've come home many times to discover that I'd left the electric switch on all day, but not to fear, the thing doesn't burn up, so far. On other occasions, I've overloaded the pump by letting the reservoir run dry and then adding water to try to resume extraction through a filter that had become clogged from the interruption of the flow of water.  The pump keeps going even with the output blocked down to a trickle. This will happen to you from time to time because you will neglect to refill the reservoir. When it happens, just start over with dry coffee. You will also need to buy a small diameter tamper - mine is 49mm.  

The expresso liquor always has crema and never tastes sour to me, even when using cheap brands of dark roast like Eight O Clock and Community Coffee.  Everything I've said about the brilliance of this machine is contingent, howver, on the coffee grinder. Without a good grinder, you might as well just make drip coffee. The secret good expresso, in my experience, is 25% expresso machine and 75% grinder. A good grinder is the Gaggia, which I bought from amazon for $175 with a discount, or the Rancillio Rocky, which I would have gotten in the first place had I understood the importance of an excellent grinder.  

This machine is small and light enough to take with you to the motel when you're on a road trip, and cheap enough to leave behind if you forget to put it in your car the next morning.  My next expresso machine will be much more expensive, but not because I'm trying to obtain a higher quality brew.  My only reasons for paying more are to get double shots and the solenoid valve, which will eliminate the spills of hot soupy grounds when emptying the porta-filter.  Also, when you get familiar with the operation of a machine, you'd like it to last so you don't have to learn a new set of techniques
